DOCSUP-8661: MySQL dictionary source: the fail_on_connection_loss config parameter. (#25439)
ClickHouse/ClickHouse: docs/en/sql-reference/dictionaries/external-dictionaries/external-dicts-dict-sources.md

-   `invalidate_query` – Query for checking the dictionary status. Optional parameter. Read more in the section [Updating dictionaries](../../../sql-reference/dictionaries/external-dictionaries/external-dicts-dict-lifetime.md).

> -   `fail_on_connection_loss` – The configuration parameter that controls unexpected connection loss during query execution. If `true`, then there will be an exception about connection loss straight away if there was no connection when the query was executed. If `false`, then there will be attempts to retry queries three times. By default, `false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   `fail_on_connection_loss` – The configuration parameter that controls unexpected connection loss during query execution. If `true`, an exception is thrown if the connection between client and server was lost while the query was executed. If `false`, the ClickHouse server retries to execute the query three times. Default value: `false`.
```

> -   `fail_on_connection_loss` – The configuration parameter that controls unexpected connection loss during query execution. If `true`, an exception is thrown immediately if the connection between client and server was lost while the query was executed. If `false`, the ClickHouse server retries to execute the query three times before throwing an exception. Note that retrying leads to increased response times. Default value: `false`. 

Reviewer 2: > if the connection between client and server was lost while the query was executed

Actually not `while`. It is checked only before the query is executed.

> -   `fail_on_connection_loss` – The configuration parameter that controls unexpected connection loss during query execution. By default, false. ClickHouse connects to MySQL servers using secure protocols ([SSL](../../../operations/server-configuration-parameters/settings.md#server_configuration_parameters-openssl)/[TLS](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Transport_Layer_Security)). Occasionally errors might occur in the transport communication between client and server, in which case the server would abort the client connection. Note that retrying leads to increased response times. Retries can be avoided by setting the parameter to true.

Reviewer 2: It is better to make it concise, seems like too much text and no actual info. The main point: If `fail_on_connection_loss` is `true`, then there will be an exception about connection loss straight away if there was no connection when query was executed. If  `fail_on_connection_loss` is `false`, then there will be attempts to retry queries `n` times. where `n` is not configurable now and default (`n = 3`) is always used.

Author: > It is better to make it concise, seems like too much text and no actual info. The main point: If `fail_on_connection_loss` is `true`, then there will be an exception about connection loss straight away if there was no connection when query was executed. If `fail_on_connection_loss` is `false`, then there will be attempts to retry queries `n` times. where `n` is not configurable now and default (`n = 3`) is always used.

Ok, thank you. I will fix it.
